This is still very much a work in progress.

KAGC (Kick-ass Graphing Calculator, for lack of a better name as of yet) is a project
intended to perform symbolic manipulation and graphing differential geometry, in C.
GTK will be responsible for window management, and OpenGL/Mesa will be responsible for
the graphical aspects of KAGC.

Differential Geometry is the application of the principles of calculus to differentiable
noneuclidean surfaces/manifolds. In order to accomplish this, we must know what the
following terms mean:

I.      Differentiable
        A function f(x) = y is differentiable at a point if, as x approaches c and f(c) = L,
        there exists a delta, defined as |delta| < 1, such that as delta approaches zero,
        there exists a value epsilon where f(c +/- delta) = L +/- epsilon, where
        epsilon < delta for all values epsilon and delta. Epsilon is proportionally less
        than delta. This is the rigorous, formal definition of being differentiable--
        continuity.

        This basically means that the function is continuous at c. And that a limit exists.
        So, for example, functions such as f(x) = sqrt(x) are differentiable when x >= 0,
        but not for other values of x.

(FUTURE GEOFF: CHECK THE BELOW PARAGRAPHS FOR CORRECTNESS WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE)
        Continuity is the test for differentiability because differentials (NOTE: not the
        same thing as derivatives) are not exact--differentiability only means that the
        differential of a function, df(h) = f(x + h) - f(x) rapidly approaches f'(h) as h
        approaches zero (more rapidly than x approaches h). This is the situation in 
        single-variable calculus.

        Multivariable calculus is more or less the same, except x can approach h along an
        infinite number of paths (some of which are much easier than others) rather than
        just the two of single- variable calculus. In multivariable calculus, a function
        is not differentiable if approaching y = f(c1, c2, ..., cn) along two different paths
        reaches two different values for y.


II.     Noneuclidean
III.    Manifold
IV.     Surface
        A surface is a manifold in two dimensions.
